ain't no one if the cow I can't have
none why it ain't no fun yeah I can't
have done what problems with Ortiz now
you know on dad let's add in the mirror
yeah nigga fall back I lost my marbles
lost my scruples lost my being lost my
temper losing everything man i'm so lost
flight 815 look at our time flies I'm 45
befo 815 if I save this mean I'm a field
knives each other's on to the 993 I'm i
made this true blood flow in two
thousand and so I'm gonna take this
scene by storm with a wave so mean when
I'm going to go for anything I say in
between two songs I make the shape of a
letter NJ 0 e ll don't forget the second
element I hate me if L it that way this
is it a great time and I'm great-aunt to
take time and another L Lakers without
fouling a baseline with the deal I want
me to give her fruit and this is the gig
kill want me to write in a we'll see how
you do I kill em I'm gonna come over my
grill by the better feel better buddy
meals like a dick without a real
undercover moana bill for this on my
heels that I put it on a jetliner your
motherfucking day when it's a lil but
this nigga will who turbo whoa hey yo
our team hoecake unfresh of the black
and amazed at the time people in my top
top cinema gotta get money 1788 one lane
for the nerve gonna give me shit night
yeah let me get here right missing a
plan but it nigga really not telling
Emma hot when I plays in a spot like
you're doing God's better call the cops
but if you want to get it in better
bring a friend but he had a twin by the
language so every day wait you to
relevant do it for the hell of it Lance
can level it yes I'm gonna shit in your
house either people main base looking at
me
hey you know I gotta get him fuck him
real quick even though I just met him
take it more shots am trying for get
them humming chris brown because they
want more venom venom then I won't leave
it in them to that live in this league
where I'm gonna wash skinny jeans aren't
you religious fuck you I'm Westside
chillin yo artis do that Busta Rhymes
impersonation you know about Sebastian
and my passion for granted a pension
what happened here everybody cracking up
in the action with no bagging when he
gets back did you face the nesa Jess you
protect got you here to the track they
cook the best catchable dick don't give
them rope with the bumble girl on my
ballot mother like a track with Omega
street fight without a scratch your be
the guy you never had to scrap with fake
listen to me listen to do it like PS
he'll go back to section take a shut up
you're still plating the internals nigga
you still play genesis make so what man
your mama like